Mayson my name is samanya i worked with
your brother
lucky you I know this is a lot to take
in but you're going to have to trust us
why because you don't really have any
other option
the commander thought you should have
this Field Manual it'll help you survive
out here
welcome to the Red Faction I'll start
off with the basics there are six
populated sectors on Mars
Parker dust Badlands Oasis the free fire
zone and AOS all of which are controlled
by the Earth Defense Force our goal is
to liberate all six sectors driving the
EDF off the planet there's only one
problem
the EDF is a professional military
organization they've got the money the
training and the firepower to take us
down direct assaults are suicide we need
to hit their weak points attack them
when they least expect it destroy
high-value targets and then get the hell
out of there if you ever need to hide
from the EDF restock ammo or choose a
different set of weapons for your field
work safe houses are set up throughout
the world
any available safe house will be marked
on your map
good luck
we don't have access to the same supply
lines as the EDF we can steal their guns
but that's not enough Sam is an engineer
working for the Red Faction she's come
up with ways to improvise weapons from
mining equipment and industrial tools
but she needs raw materials
that's where Salvage comes in when you
destroy things you'll often see Salvage
on the ground afterward collected and
bring it to Sam the more Salvage you
supplier with the better the equipment
she'll be able to provide abandoned
buildings are good sources of Salvage
has or any of those high-tech EDF
structures bring them down and bring the
salvage to Sam
Mayson this is our former base of
operations we had to clear out before
the IDI have discovered it now we just
need to cover our tracks
I know you're familiar with demolitions
so maybe you can help us out
we need that building destroyed blow up
anything that the EDF could trace back
to us think you can handle it
this will be a piece of cake we're
transmitting the base coordinates now
got it
I'm on my way babies you go Davies how'd
you get caught up in this mining
conglomerates found a huge ore deposit
beneath our colony and tried to force us
off the land and we resisted the EDF
well it was a massacre who's sorry
found refugees from other colonies and
our numbers grew
your brother joined us soon after there
was always dad's problem couldn't run
from a fight more like him we'd have a
chance of winning this thing
maybe alright I'm at the base use
whatever you can to bring your down
we left some fuel tanks behind you can
shoot them or set charges to blow them
up
dammit Mason the EDF unit is heading
your way hurry up and finish the job
who said this was going to be easy
Reidy upper on the way get back to the
safe house
you said this was going to be easy
yeah I'm fine by the way
you've done your brother proud he had
the same definition of easy as you